Allow configuration to be contributed by providers (#32604)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow-providers/index.rst

Airflow automatically discovers which providers add those additional capabilities and, once you install
provider package and re-start Airflow, those become automatically available to Airflow Users.

The summary of all core functionalities that can be extended are available in
:doc:`/core-extensions/index`.

Configuration
'''''''''''''

Providers can have their own configuration options which allow you to configure how they work:

You can see all community-managed providers with their own configuration in
:doc:`/core-extensions/configurations`

Auth backends
'''''''''''''

The providers can add custom authentication backends, that allow you to configure the way how your
web server authenticates your users, integrating it with public or private authentication services.

> You can see all authentication backends available via community-managed providers in

Reviewer: super nit:
```suggestion
You can see all the authentication backends available via community-managed providers in
```

Author: I NEVER know when to use "a" or "the" - there is no concept of those in Polish, so I semi-randomly throw them in when this feels like a good idea :).

Reviewer: Haha that's ok!

The summary of the core functionalities that can be extended are available in
:doc:`/core-extensions/index`.

Configuration
'''''''''''''

> The providers can have their own configuration options, That allow you to configure the way how they
> work:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Providers can have their own configuration options which allow you to configure how they work:
```

Author: updated,

> You can see all the community-managed providers with their own configuration in

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can see all community-managed providers with their own configuration in
```

Author: updated.

The providers can add extra custom links to operators delivered by the provider. Those will be visible in
task details view of the task.

> You can see all extra links available via community-managed providers in

Reviewer: super nit:
```suggestion
You can see all the extra links available via community-managed providers in
```
